Creating and Using Templates


%!includeconf: t2t.conf
%!options(html): --outfile ../doc/xix_ref_template.html

~B[Reference xix_ref.html]→[General xix_ref_gen.html]~E

If you do multiple jobs for the same publisher using the same output
options, it will save time to create each new index for that publisher
with the output options set up correctly from the start. There are two
ways of achieving this.

- Use the [File→New Empty Copy action xix_ref_act_f_newcopy.html].

  Create your first index for the publisher using a naming convention
  such as //~FPublisher Name - Book Name.xix~E//. Set all the options in
  the [Options Dialog xix_ref_dlg_options.html] and all the output
  options in the [Output Options Dialog xix_ref_dlg_output.html], to
  meet your and the publisher's requirements.

  Now, when you are ready to create your second or subsequent index for
  this publisher, open the (or one of the) previous index(es) you
  created for them, and use the
  [File→New Empty Copy action xix_ref_act_f_newcopy.html] to create a
  copy with the name of the new index, that has all of the options and
  output options from the original, but with no entries.

- Create and use a template file.

  Create a new empty index for the publisher and use a naming convention
  such as //~FPublisher Name//~E ~F- Template.xix~E ~~~ this will be used as
  an empty template. Set all the options in the
  [Options Dialog xix_ref_dlg_options.html] and all the output options
  in the [Output Options Dialog xix_ref_dlg_output.html], to meet your
  and the publisher's requirements.

  Now, when you are ready to create an index for this publisher, open
  the template file you created for them, and use the
  [File→Save As action xix_ref_act_f_saveas.html] to save and then open
  a copy of the template with a new name (e.g., using the
  //~FPublisher Name - Book Name.xix~E// naming convention). This will
  create a copy of the template with the name of the new index, that has
  all of the options and output options from the template, but with no
  entries.


~= [Coping with a Computer Crash xix_ref_crash.html]
