Main Window Index Panel


%!includeconf: t2t.conf
%!options(html): --outfile ../doc/xix_ref_panel_index.html

~B[Reference xix_ref.html]→[Main Window xix_ref_mainwin.html]
→[Panels xix_ref_panels.html]~E

//You can click and drag the splitter at the side of this panel//
//to give it more~~~or less~~~space.//

This panel is used to view the index as a whole~~~or at least as much of
it as can be shown at a time. The index entries are always shown in the
correct order in accordance with the prevailing
[Sort As Rules xix_ref_sortas_rules.html].

To give the keyboard focus to this panel, press ~KAlt+I~E, or click it.
Once it has the focus, you can easily navigate up and down using
~KDown~E arrow, ~KUp~E arrow, ~KPage Down~E, ~KPage Up~E, ~KHome~E,
~KEnd~E, or by clicking the scrollbar. You can also navigate simply by
typing a letter to be taken to the first entry that begins with that
letter. You can even navigate if this panel doesn't have the focus, as
explained below.
(See also [Keyboard Shortcuts xix_ref_keys.html].)

% SIMILAR TO xix_tu_nav.t2t
''<table bgcolor="lightyellow"><tr><td>''
This panel has a ~KGoto~E editor at the top which provides a fast and
easy way to navigate to a particular entry using the keyboard.
(See [Finding Entries xix_tu_nav.html] for other techniques.)
''</td></tr></table>''
''<table bgcolor="lightyellow"><tr><td>''
Press ~KCtrl+T~E or click the editor to give it the focus, then type in
the first few letters of the term for the entry you want to visit. For
small indexes, two or three letters should be sufficient, while larger
indexes may need three or four letters. This should get you to the entry
you want, or within easy reach of it, either by clicking it, or by
pressing ~KTab~E (or ~KAlt+I~E), then ~KDown~E or ~KUp~E arrow until you
reach the right entry.
''</td></tr></table>''

The current entry is shown highlighted with a yellow background and a
solid black bullet. The current entry is also shown in the
[Main Window Entry Panel xix_ref_panel_entry.html], where it can be
edited.

It is possible to circle an entry using the
[Entry→Circle action xix_ref_act_y_circ.html].
A circled entry that is //also// the current entry is shown with a green
background and with a hollow bullet with a dot in it. A circled entry
that is not the current entry is shown with a cyan background and a
hollow bullet. When the current and circled entries are different it is
possible to do actions involving both: for example, making a cross-reference
from the current to the circled entry, or moving the current entry to be
a subentry of the circled entry.

~= [Main Window Search and Replace Panel xix_ref_panel_replace.html]
