Tips


%!includeconf: t2t.conf
%!options(html): --outfile ../doc/xix_tip1.html

====Merge Two Entries====

If one of the entries is a subentry of the other, use the
[Modify→Merge into Parent action xix_ref_act_m_mrg_p.html].

Otherwise, goto the one you want to merge into (so it is added to the
[Goto Menu xix_ref_actgoto.html]'s recently visited entries), then goto
the one you want to merge from. Move the “from” entry under the “into”
entry (using the [Entry→Move action xix_ref_act_y_mv.html]). Now use the
[Modify→Merge into Parent action xix_ref_act_m_mrg_p.html].


====Create Two or More Indexes from One====[twofromone]

Suppose you need to create two indexes~~~say, a general index and an
author index, where the general index also includes the author entries.

You could create a single general index and use the
[Edit Groups Dialog xix_ref_dlg_groups.html] to
add a Normal Group called, say ~CAuthor~E. Then, whenever you add a new
author entry, add the entry to the ~CAuthor~E normal group using the
[Entry→Add to Normal Group action xix_ref_act_y_grp.html].

Once the index is finished, you can output the general index as usual
using one of the output actions (e.g.,
[File→Output As .rtf action xix_ref_act_f_ortf.html] or
[File→Output As .docx action xix_ref_act_f_odocx.html]).

Then, for the author's index, use the
[File→Save Grouped As action xix_ref_act_f_savegroupedas.html] to create
a new author's index which is a copy of the general index (with the same
options, spelling words, and so on), but with only the entries that are
in the ~CAuthor~E normal group. You can then output this new author
index using one of the output options, as usual.

Note that if you add an author as a subentry, it will only be copied
into the new author index if not only the entry itself, but its parent
entry or entries, all the way up to its overall main entry, //all//
belong to the ~CAuthor~E normal group.

This technique can be generalized to split a “master” index into two or
more indexes. For each index you want to split into, create a
corresponding normal group, and whenever you add an entry to the master
index, add it to one of these normal groups. Then, once the index is
finished, use the
[File→Save Grouped As action xix_ref_act_f_savegroupedas.html] to create
a split-off index for each of the normal groups you created for this
purpose.

~= [Support xix_supp.html]
