Main Window Toolbars


%!includeconf: t2t.conf
%!options(html): --outfile ../doc/xix_ref_tb.html

~B[Reference xix_ref.html]→[Main Window xix_ref_mainwin.html]~E

Every toolbar button has a corresponding menu action~~~although not
every menu action has a corresponding toolbar button. To see the menu
actions and their toolbar buttons (where available), see the main
window's [Menu Actions xix_ref_actions.html].

To show or hide a toolbar, right click anywhere in any toolbar area or
on any toolbar's handle (at its left edge), but not on an actual toolbar
button. This will pop up a menu listing the toolbars, with the visible
toolbars shown checked and the hidden ones shown unchecked. Click the
name of toolbar you want to show or hide to change its state.

If you hide all the toolbars, there is no toolbar area through which you
can pop up the toolbar menu. So, in this case, if you need to make a
toolbar visible, use the
[Index→Show Toolbars action xix_ref_act_x_tb.html].

Toolbars can also be moved. To do this, click and drag the toolbar
handle at the left edge (or top edge, for vertical toolars), of the
toolbar you want to move, and drop it in the position you want it to
occupy.

By default, all the toolbars are shown at the top of the main window in
horizontal rows. However, you can drag them to the left, right, or
bottom of the main window. For example, you might like to drag the
~KA...Z~E “Goto Letter” toolbar to the main window's right edge so that
it is vertical. In fact, if your screen is much wider than it is tall,
you might prefer to drag many toolbars to the left and/or right edges.

Toolbar settings are preserved across sessions.

~= [Main Window Panels xix_ref_panels.html]
