Sort As Rules


%!includeconf: t2t.conf
%!options(html): --outfile ../doc/xix_ref_sortas_rules.html

~B[Reference xix_ref.html]→[General xix_ref_gen.html]~E

~X uses the Sort As Rules that have been set when calculating an entry's
[Sort As Text xix_ref_sortas.html]. Three rules are supported, each with
a //letter-by-letter// and //word-by-word// variant.

The Sort As Rules can be set for the current index, and also as a
default for newly created indexes; see the
[Options Dialog's Rules Tab xix_ref_dlg_opt_rules.html].

Entries in an index are ordered by sorting their
[Sort As Text xix_ref_sortas.html]s in their “natural” order. This order
puts some symbols first (e.g., ~C!~E), then digits, then some other
symbols, then uppercase letters, then some other symbols, then lowercase
letters, then non-Latin letters, digits, and symbols. ~X uses this
natural ordering when producing ~KSort As Text~Es. For example, in most
cases the ~KSort As Text~E is all lowercase and symbols are eliminated.

==Chicago Manual of Style (CMS)==

When these ~KSort As Rules~E are in force, automatically calculated
~KSort As Text~Es ensure that the entries are ordered according to the
Chicago Manual of Style 16th edition's rules, and the status area shows
either ~KCMS by Letter~E or ~KCMS by Word~E.

The ~cms Rules specify particular orderings depending on the punctuation
between the first and second word. In particular, ~Cword1 (word2~E must
come before ~Cword1, word2~E which must come before ~Cword1 word2~E, and
so on. ~X handles this by taking advantage of the fact that ~KSort As
Text~Es are lower-cased, and so inserts a capital letter between the first
and second word to enforce the correct ordering. This is why an ~CL~E,
~CD~E, ~CH~E, ~CP~E, or ~CT~E, may appear between the first and second
words when using the ~cms Rules.

==National Information Standards Organization (NISO)==

When these ~KSort As Rules~E are in force, automatically calculated
~KSort As Text~Es ensure that the entries are ordered according to the
NISO Technical Report 3's rules (NISO TR03-1999), and the status area shows
either ~KNISO by Letter~E or ~KNISO by Word~E.

NISO does not recommend //letter-by-letter// ordering, except when
updating an existing index that already uses it.

(NISO's comprehensive example does not appear to always follow its own
rules. ~X's implementation strictly follows the NISO rules.)

==International Standards Organization (ISO)==

When these ~KSort As Rules~E are in force, automatically calculated
~KSort As Text~Es ensure that the entries are ordered according to the
ISO 999 (English) rules, and the status area shows either ~KISO by
Letter~E or ~KISO by Word~E.

-------------------------
See also, [Ignoring Subentry Function Words xix_ref_subfunc.html].

~= [Ignoring Subentry Function Words xix_ref_subfunc.html]
