Index→Check action


%!includeconf: t2t.conf
%!options(html): --outfile ../doc/xix_ref_act_x_check.html

~B[Reference xix_ref.html]→[Main Window xix_ref_mainwin.html]→
[Menu Actions xix_ref_actions.html]→[Index Menu xix_ref_actindex.html]~E

The ~KInde__x__→Chec__k__~E action's submenu actions are used to perform
various checks on the index. Some checks can take a few moments~~~or
even minutes~~~on large indexes on a slow computer. However, the checks
are done in the background (e.g., using spare processor cores), so you
can continue working while checks are being performed.

Once a check is complete, a window will appear which lists any entries
that match the check. You can click these entries to navigate to them in
the main window~~~for example, so that you can make any necessary
changes.

====Index→Check→All the Checks action====[all]

To perform all the checks listed below, use
~KInde__x__→Chec__k__→__A__ll the Checks~E.

When this action is invoked it will invoke all the check actions listed
below. Each check will report individually as soon as it is completed.

====Index→Check→Same Term Texts action====[same]

To perform this check, use ~KInde__x__→Chec__k__→__S__ame Term Texts~E.

Use this check to find all the entries (at the same level, i.e., both
main entries, or both subentries of the same parent entry), whose terms
are the same (even if their [Sort As Text xix_ref_sortas.html]s are
different), regardless of their case and text styling.

====Index→Check→Overlapping Pages====[overlap]

To perform this check, use ~KInde__x__→Chec__k__→__O__verlapping Pages~E.

Use this check to find all the entries that //may// have overlapping
pages.

See the [Modify→Combine Pages action xix_ref_act_m_comb.html] and the
[Combine Overlapping Pages Dialog xix_ref_dlg_combpages.html].

====Index→Check→Too High Page Number====[high]

To perform this check, use ~KInde__x__→Chec__k__→Too __H__igh Page
Number~E.

Use this check to find all the entries which have a page number higher
than the ~KHighest Page Number~E set in the
[Options Dialog's General Tab xix_ref_dlg_opt_gen.html].

====Index→Check→Too Large Page Range====[large]

To perform this check, use ~KInde__x__→Chec__k__→Too __L__arge Page
Range~E.

Use this check to find all the entries which have a page range whose
span is greater than the ~KLargest Page Range Span~E set in the
[Options Dialog's General Tab xix_ref_dlg_opt_gen.html].

====Index→Check→Too Many Pages====[many]

To perform this check, use ~KInde__x__→Chec__k__→Too __M__any Pages~E.

Use this check to find all the entries which have more page numbers and
page ranges than the ~KMost Pages per Entry~E set in the
[Options Dialog's General Tab xix_ref_dlg_opt_gen.html].

====Index→Check→Unindexed Pages====[unindexed]

To perform this check, use ~KInde__x__→Chec__k__→__U__nindexed Pages~E.

Use this check to find every page number between 1 and the ~KHighest
Page Number~E set in the
[Options Dialog's General Tab xix_ref_dlg_opt_gen.html], that isn't
indexed.

-------------------------
See also the [Filtered Panel xix_ref_panel_filter.html].

~= [Index→Options action xix_ref_act_x_opt.html]
