Key Index Concepts


%!includeconf: t2t.conf
%!options(html): --outfile ../doc/xix_key_coni.html

~B[Tutorial xix_tu.html]~E→~B[Key Concepts xix_key_con.html]~E

- ~X always shows the index in the correct order in the
  [Main Window Index Panel xix_ref_panel_index.html], so sorting is
  never necessary. The index is shown indented, although it can be
  output indented or in various run-in styles. Each entry's term and
  pages are shown, followed by ~C☞ …~E if the entry has a cross-reference
- It is possible to view specific subsets of the index (e.g., all the
  entries that contain particular words or page numbers, or all the
  entries created or edited today, and so on). See the
  [Main Window Filtered Panel xix_ref_panel_filter.html].
- ~X works in terms of a hierarchy of entry, subentry, subsubentry, and
  so on (i.e., like a real index, not like a database), so creating a
  subentry (at any level of depth), is simply a matter of adding a new
  subentry rather than the copying and modifying technique used by some
  other tools: see the
  [Entry→Add Entry ... actions xix_ref_act_y_add.html].
- An index may have any number of //normal groups// and //linked//
  //groups//. A group is created and named by you.
  - A normal group has no effect on the entries that belong to it. The
    purpose of a normal group is to allow you to see all the group's
    entries together. Any entry can belong to any number of normal
    groups.
  - A linked group is like a normal group, except that the pages of all
    the entries in a linked group are automatically kept synchronized.
    This means that double-posting (or triple-posting, and so on), can
    be achieved by adding two (or more) entries to a linked group, since
    any change to the pages of one entry in a linked group, will be
    automatically applied to all the other entries in that linked group.
    An entry may belong to at most one linked group.
  - All the entries in a particular normal group can be viewed using the
    [Main Window Filtered Panel xix_ref_panel_filter.html]'s
    [Normal Group xix_ref_p_filt_cust.html#normal] filter, and all those
    in a linked group using the
    [Linked Group xix_ref_p_filt_cust.html#linked] filter. See also, the
    [Entry→Group actions xix_ref_act_y_grp.html] and the
    [Main Window Groups Panel xix_ref_panel_grp.html].
- ~X automatically saves whenever the focus leaves an entry's term,
  pages, or sort as editor, that is, whenever you navigate (e.g.,
  press ~KTab~E, ~KShift+Tab~E, or click another editor, or click
  another entry, and so on). Even so, you can explicitly save by
  pressing ~KCtrl+S~E which is often useful~~~for example, to see where
  ~X puts an entry, or to see how ~X formats page ranges~~~see the
  [File→Save action xix_ref_act_f_save.html].
  (See also the [Main Window Entry Panel xix_ref_panel_entry.html].)
- All of an index's data~~~its entries, options, custom spelling dictionary,
  etc., are all stored in a single ~F.xix~E file that's easy to backup,
  copy, or move. This is covered later in this tutorial
  ([Save and Backup an Index xix_tu_save.html]).
- A //session// is the period from when an index is created or opened,
  until another index is created or opened, or until ~X is quit. In
  general, it is always possible to use the
  [Index→Undo and Redo actions xix_ref_act_x_do.html] during a session,
  even if the index has been saved.


~= [Key Entry Concepts xix_key_cone.html]
