Set Index Options


%!includeconf: t2t.conf
%!options(html): --outfile ../doc/xix_tu_opt.html

~B[Tutorial xix_tu.html]~E

The most important options that should be set at the beginning are shown
in the [Options Dialog xix_ref_dlg_options.html]. Use
~KInde__x__→__O__ptions~E to pop up this dialog.

In many cases this dialog lets you set an option to be used for //this//
index, and separately as the default to be used for //future// indexes.
The most important options to set are on the
[Options Dialog's Rules Tab xix_ref_dlg_opt_rules.html] where you can
choose //letter-by-letter// or //word-by-word// ordering (in accordance
with the ~cms, or with the ~niso or ~iso standards). You can also set the
page range rules which govern how the second part of a page range is to
be treated (e.g., whether to show it in full, or in a more compact
form).

For ~FTutorial.xix~E, why not set the ~KCreator~E name in the
~KGeneral~E tab to your full name. You could also check or uncheck the
~KIndex View on Left~E checkbox to see which way you prefer. (You can
always change your mind later, of course.)

At first it is probably sensible to uncheck the ~KAlways Show Sort As~E
checkbox. If later on you find that you often need to customize the
[Sort As Text xix_ref_sortas.html], you can always check it again.

Two very important options for the ~KGeneral~E tab are the ~KLanguage,
For This Index~E and ~KLanguage, Default~E options. The language is used
by the spell checker and also for suggested words as you enter or edit
term words. For this tutorial we will use //American// as the language.
Naturally, you should set both of these to the language you normally
index in.

The ~KRules~E tab is used to tell ~X what sort rules to apply and how to
handle the second part of page ranges. For the tutorial we'll leave
everything at its default value, but if you normally need different
rules, you could set the defaults to the ones you most often use.

The ~KDisplay~E tab is used to set the fonts to be used when displaying
the index on-screen and whether to show tooltips (little explanations
that pop up when the mouse hovers over things). These fonts are //not//
//necessarily// the same as those used in the output formats. Output is
covered briefly later in the tutorial in the
[Output an Index xix_tu_out.html] section, and in more detail
in the [Output Options Dialog xix_ref_dlg_output.html] section.

(In addition to setting the default options for all future indexes in
the [Options Dialog xix_ref_dlg_options.html], you can also create
templates: see [Creating and Using Templates xix_ref_template.html].)

After setting the options you want to use for this index (and ideally,
the defaults to use for future indexes), you are ready to start adding
entries.

~= [Add Entries xix_tu_add.html]
