Set Output Options


%!includeconf: t2t.conf
%!options(html): --outfile ../doc/xix_tu_outopt.html

~B[Tutorial xix_tu.html]~E


Once your index is complete you will need to output it in a format
suitable for your customer.

Before creating the final output, it might be worth performing a few
[Pre-Publication Checks xix_ref_checks.html]. These will help you find
any incorrectly overlapping pages, any entries with no pages,
subentries, or cross-references, and so on.

~X offers many output options, all of which have sensible defaults. To
see and edit these options, invoke the
[Index→Output Options action xix_ref_act_x_outopt.html] using
~KInde__x__→Ou__t__put Options~E. This will pop up the
[Output Options Dialog xix_ref_dlg_output.html].

The purpose and use of most of this dialog's options should be
self-evident, and all the dialog's editors have tooltips (unless you've
switched off tooltips). The output fonts are initially the same as the
display fonts (which are set in the
[Options Dialog's Display Tab xix_ref_dlg_opt_disp.html]), but you can
change them and ~X will respect this when it outputs the index.

Regarding the ~KGeneral~E tab, in ~X terminology a //section// is a part
of the index which starts with a unique letter of the alphabet or the
part which precedes the alphabetical parts. If you check the ~KOutput
Titles~E checkbox, then section titles, “A”, “B”, ..., “Z”, will be
output for non-empty sections, preceded by the ~KSpecial Section Title~E
if any entries appear before the “A” section.

Probably the most important option is the ~KStyle~E, i.e., whether the
index should be output indented or run-in, and if run-in, at what level.

In some editors such as the ~KTerm-Pages Separator~E editor, you will
see one or more cyan bullets~~~each of these will appear as a space in
the output but are shown as bullets to make it easier to see leading and
trailing spaces in the dialog's editors.

The ~KEntry Cross-references~E and ~KSubentry Cross-references~E tabs
are used to set the optional prefix, text, separator, and optional
suffix for //see// and //see// //also// cross-references, as well as for
setting the position for //see// //also// cross-references

The ~KFormat Specific~E tab is used to set options specific to certain
output formats, but notably does not include any options for the
~F.rtf~E or ~F.docx~E formats. This is because when these formats are
output they will inherit the word-processor's defaults for page size,
margins, and so on.

Once you've performed any final checks and set the output options, you
are ready to output your index.

~= [Output an Index xix_tu_out.html]
