Predefined Filters


%!includeconf: t2t.conf
%!options(html): --outfile ../doc/xix_ref_p_filt_pre.html

~B[Reference xix_ref.html]→[Main Window xix_ref_mainwin.html]
→[Panels xix_ref_panels.html]→
[Main Window Filtered Panel xix_ref_panel_filter.html]~E

These filters are used to find entries (or subentries, or subsubentries,
and so on), that match their predefined criteria.

Note that some filters can take a few moments to complete if the index
has many thousands of entries, especially on older slower computers.
Progress is shown in the [Status Bar xix_ref_status.html].

- [In Created Order (Newest First) #creation]
- [In Edited Order (Most Recent First) #updated]
- [In Page Number Order #pages]
- [No Pages, Subentries, or Cross-References #bare]
- [No Pages or Subentries #barish]
- [Pages and See cross-reference(s) #pagesee]
- [No Subentries #nosubs]
- [Has One Subentry #sub1]
- [Has Two Subentries #sub2]
- [Has Subentries #subn]
- [Has Cross-references #xref]
- [Has Generic Cross-references #gxref]
- [Has Notes #notes]
- [Has Custom Sort As #sortas]
- [First Subentries #first]
- [Second Subentries #second]
- [Third Subentries #third]
- [Fourth Subentries #fourth]
- [Fifth Subentries #fifth]


====In Created Order (Newest First)====[creation]

Use this filter to show all the entries (and subentries, and
subsubentries, and so on), in the order they were created (or
recreated), from newest to oldest.

====In Edited Order (Most Recent First)====[updated]

Use this filter to show all the entries (and subentries, and
subsubentries, and so on), in the order they were most recently edited
(or created or recreated), from newest to oldest.

====In Page Number Order====[pages]

Use this filter to show all the entries (and subentries, and
subsubentries, and so on), in page number order from lowest to highest
within a particular page range.

An entry is shown in this filter once for //every// one of its page
numbers. So, an entry with pages, say, ~C27, 216, 247, 305~E, will appear
once in the ~KPages 1-49~E filter, twice in the ~KPages 200-249~E
filter, and once in the ~KPages 300-349~E filter. Since any given entry
can appear multiple times, the number of filtered entries for this
filter is usually far more than the number of entries in the index.

====No Pages, Subentries, or Cross-references====[bare]

Use this filter to find all the entries that have no pages,
subentries, or //see// or //see also// cross-references

This filter is useful when you've “finished” the index, since it will
show entries that need to be deleted, or have page numbers added, or
have a cross-reference added.

====No Pages or Subentries====[barish]

Use this filter to find all the entries that have neither pages, nor
subentries.

====Pages and See cross-reference(s)====[pagesee]

Use this filter to find all the entries that have page and one or more
//see// cross-references.

For example, you might change these entries, so that they either have
//see// //also// cross-reference(s), or have no pages.

====No Subentries====[nosubs]

Use this filter to find all the entries that have no subentries.

====Has One Subentry====[sub1]

Use this filter to find all the entries that have exactly one immediate
subentry.

This filter is useful when you've “finished” the index, since you might
want to merge some or all of these subentries back into their parent
entry. (See the
[Modify→Merge into Parent action xix_ref_act_m_mrg_p.html].)

====Has Two Subentries====[sub2]

Use this filter to find all the entries that have exactly two immediate
subentries.

====Has Subentries====[subn]

Use this filter to find all the entries that have one or more
subentries.

====Has Cross-references====[xref]

Use this filter to find all the entries that have at least one
cross-reference, whether generic or to another entry.

For more about cross-references, see the
[Entry→Cross-reference actions xix_ref_act_y_xref.html], and the
[Add Cross-reference Dialog xix_ref_dlg_addxref.html].

====Has Generic Cross-references====[gxref]

Use this filter to find all the entries that have at least one
generic cross-reference.

====Has Notes====[notes]

Use this filter to find all the entries that have some notes.

====Has Custom Sort As====[sortas]

Use this filter to find all the entries that have a custom
[Sort As Text xix_ref_sortas.html].

====First Subentries====[first]

Use this filter to find all the entries that are first-level subentries.
These are all the entries which are the immediate child entries of main
entries.

====Second Subentries====[second]

Use this filter to find all the entries that are second-level
subentries. These are all the entries which are the grand-child entries
of main entries, i.e., they are the immediate child entries of main
entry subentries. (They are subsubentries.)

====Third Subentries====[third]

Use this filter to find all the entries that are third-level subentries.

====Fourth Subentries====[fourth]

Use this filter to find all the entries that are fourth-level subentries.


====Fifth Subentries====[fifth]

Use this filter to find all the entries that are fifth-level subentries.

-------------------------
To view or edit the filtered entry, use the
[Goto→Filtered action xix_ref_act_g_filt.html].

See also the
[Customizable Filters xix_ref_p_filt_cust.html].

~= [Main Window Groups Panel xix_ref_panel_grp.html]
