Customizable Filters


%!includeconf: t2t.conf
%!options(html): --outfile ../doc/xix_ref_p_filt_cust.html

~B[Reference xix_ref.html]→[Main Window xix_ref_mainwin.html]
→[Panels xix_ref_panels.html]→
[Main Window Filtered Panel xix_ref_panel_filter.html]~E

These filters are used to find entries (or subentries, or subsubentries,
and so on), that match the words or page numbers you enter into the
~KFilter Match~E editor to the right of the ~KFilter~E drop-down list, or to
match your chosen group. The filter is applied when you press ~KEnter~E
in the ~KFilter Match~E editor~~~or when you use ~KCtrl+F~E or
~K__E__dit→__F__ilter~E.

The filter is case insensitive, but we recommend that you enter your
words in lowercase, since some uppercase words have special meaning for
the filter.

- [Terms Matching #terms]
- [Pages Matching #pages]
- [Notes Matching #notes]
- [Normal Group #normal]
- [Linked Group #linked]


====Terms Matching====[terms]

Use this filter to find any entry whose term matches the word or words
you enter.

If you add a ~C*~E after a word (i.e., add the wildcard operator), any
word that begins with the letters of the word will match. For example,
if you enter ~Cred*~E, it will match entries whose term includes the
word ~Cred~E, or ~Credistrict~E, or ~Credress~E, or ~Credeploy~E, and so
on.

If you enter two or more words, //all// of them must match (in any
order), thus potentially narrowing the search. For example, if you enter
~Ccable~E, and this matches, say 18 entries, if you then change to
~Ccable~E ~Cphone~E, you might only match 2 or 1 or no entries.

If you want to match entries whose terms contain //any// two or more
words, separate the words with ~COR~E (a Boolean operator which must be
uppercase). For example, ~Ccable~E ~COR~E ~Ctele*~E will match entries
whose term contains ~Ccable~E //or// ~Ctelephone~E, ~Ctelegraph~E, and
so on.

If you want to exclude entries whose term contains a particular word or
words, precede those to be excluded with ~CNOT~E (which must be
uppercase), e.g., ~Cred~E ~CNOT~E ~Cblue*~E, which will match entries
with terms that contain the word ~Cred~E, so long as they don't also
contain ~Cblue~E or a word beginning with ~Cblue~E.

If you want to match entries whose term //starts// with a word, precede
the word with a ~C^~E (caret). For example, ~Ccell~E will find all the
entries whose terms contain the word ~Ccell~E, but ~C^cell~E will find
only those entries whose terms start with ~Ccell~E.

====Pages Matching====[pages]

Use this filter to find any entry whose pages include the given page
number or numbers. This filter is smart enough to match where a given
page is within a page range as well as when it is on its own.

So, for example, if you enter ~C213~E, the filter will show those
entries which have a page number of ~C213~E, and also those which
contain it within a range such as ~C208-17~E, or ~C211-15~E, and so on.

The pages you enter here use the same syntax as you use for entering
pages into an entry ([Pages editor xix_ref_panel_entry.html#pages]), but
without any text styling. For instance, if you want to find all the
entries which have the pages ~C298~E //and// ~C301-305~E, you can enter
either ~C298,301-5~E (with an optional space after the comma), or list
all the page numbers with ~C298,301,302,303,304,305~E (again, with
optional spaces after the commas). This will match any entry with the
given pages, and any entry where the given pages are within a range,
such as ~C290-307~E, or ~C298, 301-8~E, or ~C295-9, 300-6~E, and so on.

Naturally, you can also search for Roman page numbers and page ranges,
or a mix of Roman and decimal.

When entering multiple page numbers to find, it doesn't matter what
order you enter them in, so long as they are separated by commas (or
comma-spaces).

====Notes Matching====[notes]

Use this filter to find any entry whose notes match the word or words
you enter.

This works in exactly the same way as the ~KTerms Matching~E filter,
only it is applied to the entries' notes rather than to their terms.

====Normal Group====[normal]

Use this filter to find the entries in the specified normal group.

A quick way of setting the ~KNormal Group~E filter to one of the groups
that the current entry belongs to, is to double-click the group shown in
the [Main Window Groups Panel xix_ref_panel_grp.html].

For adding and removing an entry to or from a group, see the
[Entry→Group actions xix_ref_act_y_grp.html].

For adding, renaming, linking, unlinking, and deleting groups, see the
[Edit Groups Dialog xix_ref_dlg_groups.html].

====Linked Group====[linked]

Use this filter to find the entries in the specified linked group.

It is possible to automatically create a linked group and add two
entries to it~~~the original and the copy~~~by copying an entry with the
~KLink Pages...~E checkbox checked. See the
[Copy Entry Dialog xix_ref_dlg_copy.html].

(Everything that applies to the [Normal Group #normal] filter as
described above, also applies to this filter.)

-------------------------
To view or edit the filtered entry, use the
[Goto→Filtered action xix_ref_act_g_filt.html].

See also the
[Predefined Filters xix_ref_p_filt_pre.html].

~= [Predefined Filters xix_ref_p_filt_pre.html]
