Ignoring Subentry Function Words


%!includeconf: t2t.conf
%!options(html): --outfile ../doc/xix_ref_subfunc.html

~B[Reference xix_ref.html]→[General xix_ref_gen.html]~E

Should function words~~~articles, prepositions, and conjunctions~~~be
ignored for sorting purposes, when they are the first word of a subentry?
This depends on which sorting rules you are using, or your publisher's
preference.

: Chicago Manual of Style (CMS)
If you are using the ~cms rules for sorting, then you should ignore
function words at the start of subentries (see the 16th edition, 16.68).

: National Information Standards Organization (NISO)
If you are using the NISO TR03-1999 rules, then you should //not//
ignore function words at the start of subentries (see 4.6).

: International Standards Organization (ISO)
If you are using the ISO 999 rules, you'll need to ask your publisher or
choose for yourself, since these rules allow for ignoring or not
ignoring (see 8.6).


To control whether ~X ignores subentry function words, check or uncheck
the ~KIgnore Subentry Function Words~E checkbox in the
[Options Dialog's Rules Tab xix_ref_dlg_opt_rules.html]. If this
checkbox is checked, then the first word of a subentry's (or
subsubentry's, and so on's) [Sort As Text xix_ref_sortas.html] will be
ignored for sorting purposes, if it is one of the words in the index's
list of ignored subentry function words.

By default, ~X comes with a ready-made list of ignored subentry function
words. You can add or delete words to or from this list~~~for the
current index~~~using the
[Ignored Subentry Function Words Dialog xix_ref_dlg_subignore.html]. (If
you want to propagate an edited list to a new index, use a
template~~~see [Creating and Using Templates xix_ref_template.html].)

-------------------------
For a discussion of the issues, See //Indexing Books// second edition,
by Nancy C. Mulvany, “Function Words: Articles, Prepositions, and
Conjunctions”.

See also [Sort As Rules xix_ref_sortas_rules.html].

~= [Pages xix_ref_pages.html]
